Modularize and clarify LB architecture & considerations (#2940)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_overview-of-load-balancing-in-project.adoc

[id="overview-of-load-balancing-in-project_{context}"]
= Overview of load balancing in {Project}

> You can configure {ProjectServer} to use a load balancer to distribute host requests and network load across multiple {SmartProxyServers}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure your {Project} environment to use a load balancer to distribute host requests and network load across multiple {SmartProxyServers}.
```
You don't really configure ProjectServer, so that introductory wording was a bit misleading.
